How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Yes

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    You can see what has changed

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Fill in your answer here

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

   Because they have to be able to seperate the files

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    from the command line you type fc and then the 2 files you are comparing

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    you can always go back to the old one

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    learning javascript

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	you can see the changes you have made in the past, how far you have come and help you remember when and why you made changes

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	pros - you know what impired you to make a change 
	cons - it is extra work

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	because for many programming systems you have many files that are associated to one project 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	
	git log will give you the id's 
	git diff will show you the differences

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	you know you always get back to what it was before